会议信息：
------------

时间：2020-10-23 16:30-17:30  
Welink会议ID：https://welink-meeting.zoom.us/j/480240283


会议议题：
------------
 1. Remaining issues of last weekly meeting review:
    a We review the story design .  
      Portal:  No minutes.  
      AK/SK:  Need to discuss with Developer about the ak/sk generate position. and the helm chart using the k8s secrets. ..Chuanyu Chen   
      ---CCY: Already discussed with Sun Jinghan with the solution. 
      Demo APP: Security design rule list need to be checked. we want to make it open source in the community.  .. Rama
      Discussion on requirement to create a new blank repo to start contributing code for Demo APP -- Gaurav/Chuanyu
   n. We discuss the requirements from ATP.  
      The ATP have the casr package of the application and need to test the lcm of the application using MECM.  
      Need to analyze the APM onboarding feature for the ATP so that it can get the appPackageId and appId - Vidya/Gaurav.
  2. Story Status Review.
     a. Hardware/Software Capability Exposure Solution review
       Backend - Gaurav
       Frontend - YangYang
     b. ETSI MEC alignment analysis and discussion on plan for v1.0 - Shashi

Participants:    
Gaurav Agrawal
Libu Jacob
Rama Subba Reddy
Shashikanth V. H.
YangYang
Zhangali
Liyuanyuan

 
Minutes of the meeting:  

1. AK/SK - Chuanyu Chen to share the details based on discussion with Sunjinghan offline. Development can be started after that

2. Demo APP
Security template to be shared and filled by Front End team - Rama (To Share), () To fill
To upload security template with clear identification on exception required from Security team - Rama
Other Aspects to be discussed with Security/TSC team is as follows:
- Test Coverage
- 3rd party dependencies
- SonarQube addition for Python whether required
  Open Question
- Whether face recognition needs to be open sourced or not - Maybe Chuanyu can check and update team
- Discussion with MEP team required to obtain token from MEP-Agent (API needed) - Rama to discuss with Luxin
  Need Support
- Creation of empty repo to start contribution positioning service code - Chuanyu/Gaurav

3. ATP Solution
https://gitee.com/edgegallery/community/tree/master/MECM%20PT/Release%20V1.0
- Liuhuiling to check and revert if its fine (Gaurav to send a mail)

4. Capability Exposure Solution
- UI to display capabilities per edge
- Consumer per capability/edge in UI --- Need further discussion is stretched goal for v1.0
- Per Edge and per application - Whether needed as TBD in Architecture also the UI output to be shown in architecture and need acceptance - YangYang, Gaurav, Libu

5. EdgeGallery ETSI-MEC Management plane alignment - Shashi
ETSI-MEC v1.0 plan - TBD - Gaurav/Chuanyu
DNS rule management requirement timeline - Asked by Libu - TBD - Gaurav/Chuanyu.


