<!DOCTYPE html> <html lang="zh"> <head> <meta charset="utf-8"/> <title>Markdown在线编辑器 - www.MdEditor.com</title> <link rel="shortcut icon" href="https://www.mdeditor.com/images/logos/favicon.ico" type="image/x-icon"/> </head> <body><h1 id="h1-edgegallery-security-compliance-test-case-6-2"><a name="EdgeGallery Security Compliance Test Case 6-2" class="reference-link"></a><span class="header-link octicon octicon-link"></span>EdgeGallery Security Compliance Test Case 6-2</h1><table> <thead> <tr> <th>Test ID</th> <th>EdgeGallery Security Compliance Test Case 6-2</th> </tr> </thead> <tbody> <tr> <td>Test tool</td> <td>N/A</td> </tr> <tr> <td>Test description</td> <td>Check whether a mechanism exists for re-login after the browser window times out.</td> </tr> <tr> <td>Configuration steps</td> <td>1. Known website address<br> 2.Web services are running properly.<br> 3.The login authentication module is available for web services.<br> 4.The user name and password are always correct. </td></tr> <tr> <td>Step 1</td> <td>Log in to the system using a normal user name and password.</td> </tr> <tr> <td>Step 2</td> <td>Increase the idle time of the browser window (11 minutes) by one minute. <br> Note: Currently, the validity period is one day. </td></tr> <tr> <td>Step 3</td> <td>Refresh the browser and check whether you need to log in again.<br>Note: You can also log in to the back-end web server and check the value of session-timeout in the web.Xml file. The value of session-timeout indicates the session timeout interval. </td></tr> <tr> <td>Test verdict</td> <td>The session timeout interval is less than or equal to 10 minutes. You need to log in again after refreshing the browser.</td> </tr> </tbody> </table> </body> </html>